Rename nodemon scripts to dev (#7581)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/docker.md

- Build the PL docker image, and tag it as `prairielearn/prairielearn:local`
- Mount `./testCourse` as a volume for a test course
- Set up the container to run [external grading jobs](externalGrading.md)
- Mount the current directory as `/PrairieLearn`

> - Configure the server to automatically restart when file change

Author: ```suggestion
- Configure the server to automatically restart when files are modified
```
